hey youtubers this is kevin here and i
am teaching you how to crash practically
any Tekkit server using the hacked
client called oil derrick 2 point 0 as
you can see and what you're going to
want to do is turn your fly up to 4.0
but you can use by controlling the ER by
pressing the arrow keys and i just
turned it up to four you can toggle that
so you're going to press f and fly up of
it and then you're going to want to fly
forward until you get a fair distance
away and right now it's loading turning
so fast that it's crashing the server
slowly so yeah so just give it like a
minute or two and it will eventually
crash the server yeah ya know there's
like a million disabled items I don't
even know where I want now responding
well it won't even matter it's about to
be crashed yeah I'll put the oil derrick
to point a link in the description for
you guys so you can download it it's
pretty much a Tekkit hacked client it
has all those features you can see in
the upper left hand corner yeah um
eventually like everyone will leave the
game except for you it's happening for
I've done this a few times on a couple
different servers just the server can't
have no cheat or else own it'll just
teleport you back into place and most
type of service do not have it because
they don't need it this is not normal
minecraft and yeah so I'm going to
resume once this is they're mine yeah
i'm going to resume once it's almost
crashed alright veer back okay I'm back
um right now the server is lagging
really bad i'm just going to type
something random in you can see it's not
coming up in the chat and before this
was perfectly lagless server so Oh
people are starting to leave because a
lot
I um they're starting to get kicked I
just popped up what I just said so as
you can see it's really laggy I'm
actually yeah yes it in the last server
it kicked everyone except for me
instantly I have reached the edge of
this world so I'll just start flying for
miles why coach through like I looks
through a fence and out all the way free
much add us on and then I had teleport
me all the way back ass yeah briefing at
its finest now people are starting to
test out the tag by saying crap oh yeah
let's see if that came through probably
not he'll come through like butter yeah
I do it the serum of the crash more
suction calvados ave i know except brief
time now well alright so i'm just gonna
say everyone left um it says Lyman lime
left yeah it's slowly being crashed well
there's like 20 people that left the
game keep getting calls Oh everyone just
left all right there we go almost people
um yeah so this is how you crash Tekkit
servers has been kevin 8625 i will see
you guys later